feat: Akamai SDK example, rollup config, edgeKV logic (#128)
launchdarkly/js-core: packages/sdk/akamai-edgekv/README.md

# LaunchDarkly Akamai SDK for EdgeKV

[![NPM][sdk-akamai-npm-badge]][sdk-akamai-npm-link]
[![Actions Status][sdk-akamai-ci-badge]][sdk-akamai-ci]
[![Documentation][sdk-akamai-ghp-badge]][sdk-akamai-ghp-link]
[![NPM][sdk-akamai-dm-badge]][sdk-akamai-npm-link]
[![NPM][sdk-akamai-dt-badge]][sdk-akamai-npm-link]

The LaunchDarkly Akamai SDK is designed primarily for use in Akamai Edgeworkers. It follows the server-side LaunchDarkly model for multi-user contexts. It is not intended for use in desktop and embedded systems applications.

> For more information, see the [complete reference guide for this SDK](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/server-side/akamai).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [complete reference guide for this SDK](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/edge/akamai).
```
Docs will be in our new-ish [Edge SDKs](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/sdk/edge) section when available.
